Fix Pill Next's className prop not being applied to the root element (#2767)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/clean-jeans-grab.md

---
"@salt-ds/lab": patch
---

> `className` is now forwarded to `PillNext`'s wrapper instead of the nested button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pill Next's `className` prop is now forwarded to its wrapper instead of the nested button.
```
